welcome everyone to the second edition
of the impact Theory team live Q&A we're
taking over the airwaves we're taking
over Tom's channel because he is down at
Comic Con and we are here for you to
answer your questions about impact
Theory get a behind-the-scenes look so
thank you for joining us and also we
have a very exciting thing today we're
giving away a lot of prizes we have
shirts we have posters we have audible
subscriptions we have a signed book by a
very special guest on impact theory so
stick around
don't go away and let's settle in and
get into this so first off we're going
to go around and just quickly introduce
ourselves
start with Cindy hi everyone I'm Cindy
I'm the impact Theory marketing
associate community manager Events
Coordinator or college a different thing
it's a lot of fun you probably already
know Cindy I'm assuming you may not know
this next gentleman right here
yes I'm normally behind the scenes guys
my name is ibrahim el galette and i am
the production intern so everything that
has to do with the cameras the audio the
editing and uploading i take care of hi
everyone again from last week I'm Amanda
I'm the assistant here at impact theory
right and I am your host agent Smith
here trying to hold it down while Tom
and Lisa are away let's do this let's
get into this and have some fun
we have some questions from Tom and Lisa
too left over so let's dive how do you
have very head Midsomer to you and one
hold up I think we ready gonna go what
subject makes you feel the most alive Oh
okay what subject makes you feel glad to
be elaborated on I would love everyone
to do whatever they define subject yes
yeah okay I can go I mean it's got to be
literature I mean I studied literature
for a long time I went to grad school I
almost became a professor in literature
is the thing that makes me feel most
alive reading books learning about
literature culture history asking
questions that's it cool people counter
the subject right yes if I think that
that's like my biggest subject this kind
of has the most longevity and if I think
about all the other subjects that I
really really love they all have to
really like they really do have to do
with people and storytelling so I think
it would be people nice yeah
well similar to Cindy's my subject in
psychology I always love figuring out
what makes people tick and so honestly I
just love anything that's around people
and figuring out what I can do to
benefit and improve and grow as an
individual individual and also helping
other people do the same mine's like a
combination of all your science exciting
it makes me feel most alive to read the
literature of science or study the
people or psychology I just think like
the human body is amazing and every day
learning more and more just about the
human body system and our living
organism is amazing that's all right
that's great let's uh let's jump in and
give away a prize already why don't you
guys going so here's our impact Theory
shirt I'm wearing it too but we have a
ton of shirts at our store that's at
shop impact Theory comm we have the TTFN
UVC shirt and tank for the ladies we
have the Buescher amongst others you can
go get one of these one of your choosing
if you can answer the following question
right alright so we're going to we're
going to ask the question and we're
going to pick one winner from whoever
gets the correct response so the
question is to date how many episodes of
impact Theory our main show have we
released how many episodes Java Desmond
top it into the comments and we will
come back around and choose a winner
good luck good luck alright let's go to
another question from Thomas two things
about skill set anyone want to take this
one I'll start off alright I say one
skills that I've learned since working
here in production is always thinking
outside the box when problems show
because sometimes you may have things
come up whether it's something's not
recording right or cameras out of focus
or just getting things out on time and
so I'm always looking at better ways to
facilitate that but ultimately is one
thing that Tom said a while back where
he talked about it's better to be first
than to be right and that was something
I took away and I use in my own role
where I'm not focused on always just
making sure everything is perfect but
just getting it to the point where we're
just doing it and getting it out there
and learning as you go pivoting and
improving as you go Thanks that's good I
like that other ones yeah Amanda do you
only what do only what moves you towards
your goals I think that's a big one that
I've learned in thinking about anything
like is this going to take me to my goal
or away from my goal it's going to take
me away and don't do it or yeah that's
something I I live by now strongly yeah
skill set would be pretty much all of
the marketing we do from the beginning
of everything just because I when I
started over at classes it was like
early days of marketing for me so kind
of building all the different tools
language the
you know marketing of podcasts that was
something that I had never done thought
about I had never even listened to a
podcast before starting so kind of
diving into that world and figure out
like what gives differences and the
audiences are for YouTube versus
podcasts or Facebook or Instagram versus
Twitter versus like snapchat tumblr all
of it so I think those have been some of
the most valuable skill sets that I kind
of acquired and then all the kind of
entrepreneurial things along the way
with some watching and starting a
company and all the little details that
go into that nice I'm going to have to
say on a more concrete side influencer
marketing so I came from before going to
quest and impact Theory beat the b2b
side of marketing and although
influencer marketing was important or
thought leaders in our space it's it's
not at all at the level that it is on
the consumer side and so I had a
background in that but I was able to
learn based on watching people at Quest
and with all Tom's knowledge and
experience and then just kind of set out
in my own and research and try things
out and really have learned a lot about
that and been able to apply it so it's
been super interesting for me cool all
right we don't have any questions from
the audience yet do we have a winner for
our shirt I'm looking at LC what's her
name turkey right that's right yeah she
got an entire drawer and kolten biddy
there you go command Tara guy you get a
shirt it doesn't have to be this one it
could be one of your choosing from the
store will sync up with you will figure
out your size and your address and we'll
get it over to you could be the tank
could be anything but go check out the
store shop in bacteria comm got a lot of
new designs up there and more to come
very soon some of the models that was
cool yeah
I can't wait to do the men's shoes yeah
we got to get the guys up there but all
the ladies from the team have been
modeling the shirts so go check out the
team members up on our store oh yeah all
right I'm going to go over to a question
that we had left over from last time we
did this because we had a lot of people
asking questions so give me one second
here here's an interesting one curious
how working with impact Theory has
affected your individual goals did you
always know what you're trying to do
with your life do you know now oh good
one that's a good one right so I would
say that working with impact Theory is
definitely like fleshed out certain
things for me so before coming I kind of
had like this vague sense of what I
wanted to do and things start to get
more concrete as you are in action doing
things that expect you and then finding
something that kind of intersects it a
lot of my passion so passion for
creating mixed-media the ability to just
be creative and innovative and like
scrappy working with people getting to
know people interviewing them finding
out everything there is to know about
them and then learning and reading and
all those things has been really great
for me and figuring out kind of more
concrete ways to kind of execute on that
so yeah nice it's great okay
Greenwood Cindy a lot of the things that
you come in or I came in here with I
always knew that I wanted to improve my
own life grow as an individual and
ultimately my my main mission is to end
poverty worldwide and so in line with
what tom was doing with this company and
focusing on the mindset how I love
psychology so it kind of allowed me to
go more in depth on how to execute on
different ideas seeing the actual ways
to go about thinking about it and seeing
other people also on the show
and how they thought about coming up
with solutions to different problems so
definitely I have grown in that aspect
but my main mission is still to
ultimately because I grew up in poverty
and seeing its effects to end poverty
worldwide and through narrative as well
as mindset overall for me so I've always
had a passion and dream to be a nurse
I'm actually almost 3/4 full way done
with the nursing program but on hold
right now and so being here now impact
Theory has kind of made me think deeply
like to try to tap into like what is it
about nursing that I've loved and is it
something I really want to do and what
I'm learning here more and more is I
love the aspect of people and caring for
people but really being there like this
like psychology wise and and emotionally
and mentally and so now it's kind of
making me realize like here being here I
love what we're doing and I love this
aspect I mean I love the physical care
of people but being able to help people
emotionally and mentally and everything
we're doing here with mindset I'm
realizing that this is like my passion
more of the psych psychology route so
what I'm learning while being here nice
is it for me I don't think it's changed
my goals but I think it's helped me
focus more because I think being in this
environment and you know dealing with
the ideas that we talk about each day
it's really about understanding what's
most important to you and what doesn't
matter and so kind of like filtering out
the things in your life that aren't
meaningful so I think it's helped me
focus I think it's helped me understand
what matters to me what's important to
me what I do need to care about and what
I don't need to care about so that's
just kind of I think moved me down my
path to enables yeah it doesn't agree
with that it's definitely caused me to
focus a lot more or to figure out more
clearly what it is that I want to do
with grants
yeah even if I don't have a perfect
label for it yet yeah it's just yeah one
okay thank you you get to see a lot of
different people's perspectives on it
with the guests and I think that's
helped me a lot as well just seeing how
other people attack a certain problem
nice all right here's a question from
Madeline Milagros she says do you have
any you know Madeline what's up Madeline
yeah do you have any bright lines like
Tom bright line yeah so maybe we should
try to explain about the bright lines
first for people who don't know bright
lines are just really my understanding
hard and fast rules of things you do and
do not do yeah like your worldview where
you draw a line like this is just
something I don't do this is something I
do do write lines and one of like one of
them is nutrition for Tom in terms of
what he eats and when it's just it's
very very rigid a very binary vision of
that particular thing and that's what
helps them kind of stay focused and stay
disciplined bright lines so good to
start with that one yeah what do you
think you bringing all right well if
it's considered a bright line my morning
ritual where I actually got a lot of it
from Tom and Tony Robbins but just
making sure that every morning I'm doing
something that's physical what it's
working out or exercising doing some
from my mind mostly meditating I'll just
go out in nature or being out here in LA
there's so much you can really just see
in the beauty of it so that and then
also just honestly making sure that I
have a list of my goals written down
somewhere or priorities that I need to
tackle so I'm not just working hard but
I'm actually being productive and going
in the direction of my my goals but
outside of that I also say getting toxic
people out of my life because I feel
like a and maybe this is a hard subject
talking about but I feel like them in
the past
you become very similar to people you
surround yourself with are you heard of
saying you become like the pie people
you surround yourself with in sometimes
people
were not on the same path as me not that
they weren't on the path of their own
but I just have to go my own way it's
bright lines oh ah
so I'm trying to like wrack my brain to
figure out what my bright lines on it I
don't know if I have bright plans
um maybe yet could be I don't know I
don't know ice cream that's not to be a
bright line I don't eat ice cream it
makes me ill so I don't eat it but I
don't consider it a bright line it's
just like a personal choice but you know
oh and I don't use milk that's my line
for me yeah yeah there you go
yeah but laid out all I feel like
yogurts and stuff and like I figured out
but I don't take milk maybe I need a
bunch of bread and I work for ya you
have an ulcer it is it good milk Oh a
like James like coconut milk almond milk
yeah like right now all the other milk
yeah I all know what other boats are out
there what kind of milk you guys know
about Oh I'll patch it up yeah there are
so many different kinds of milk that
arms up well you know the cash but yeah
and I don't drink like Nemo because I
actually don't like the taste of milk so
nice I have one bright line within my
wife and I do and that is we spend money
on health health and self-care so I
think when you're yeah when you're in
your early 20s and stuff and you're
relatively healthy and you probably
aren't making a lot of money and you
don't want to spend money on things that
are yeah exactly
it's easy if you kind of slide into that
like oh I don't need to go
kuroh this will just pass or you know
I'll figure it out or I'll take care of
it later but a few years ago we just
decided that health is the most
important things you don't have helped
you can't really enjoy life or
experience anything and so now anything
that comes up big or small we don't
hesitate
whatever the cost spend money on health
but nothing really good bright-line
maybe I shouldn't sock that bright line
I think a lot of guys don't do that they
look like you when you look at your
health and you're like well I don't need
to write I don't go behind that yeah
I'll be fine
yeah but I I agree with you over the
long term I think it's important to
start taking care of your let's go open
that way
absolutely mandating Braylon I'm trying
to think like I don't know if I actually
have like strict bright lines here but I
kind of I think I don't know if it's
considered bright line but like every
day I wake up I feel like I have to be
productive today and have a purpose like
so I'm on a mission to like tackle
everything like something you know from
my mind something for fitness something
for towards a goal like I just I have to
that's just kind of like I guess
everyday life like pushing forward a day
but it's like when I wake up it's like
you know even if you're tired and just
kind of want to be lazy even if it's the
weekend I'm like nope I gotta get up and
like tackle these things and then I can
go to bed you know peacefully I'm so not
surprised that I because we disagree
that Amanda tackles everything yeah go
on every day gets after it well just
going doing all kinds of stuff your list
must just be so long to do list right we
just had like a impact party and planned
the whole thing by ourselves okay write
that down and then
I can't see much all right let's give
something away thank you for joining us
on Facebook live I want to make sure
that we get through off our presence we
have a lot of your day thanks for
joining us on Facebook live just as a
reminder Tom and Lisa are away and so we
are taking over the page that's right
we're doing a little Facebook live take
over matter questions for the impact
theory team you might know this
gentleman right here on this on this
book Gary Vaynerchuk he was a guest on
impact Theory not too long ago great
episode if you haven't seen it we have
his book askgaryvee the latest and let
me just say it is signed by gary gary
vay-ner-chuk if you know the answers to
this question according to the episode
what is Gary's superpower according to
the impact theory of so what Gary superb
our drop it in the comments and you have
a chance to win signed askgaryvee book
ok we'll give you time and we will go
through another question from Tom and
Lisa I like this question was designed
for me alright favorite it's I'm not a
kind of person who has favorite book
have a lot of books that I think are
really meaningful to me but I think a
book that sort of changed my life in the
sense of how I thought about literature
why we came passionate about it was mrs.
Dalloway by Virginia Woolf yeah so read
in high school I've read it several
times throughout my life first time I
read it was in high school and it just
changed everything because she was so
experimental in that book with how she
was writing a novel and the theme she
was talking about it was just it's a
very deeply layered book and you can
read it in many different ways and I
just got really into it and since then
it was that book and then
of other things that I read in high
school that really started my path down
being passionate about literature and
studying it in college and then going on
to study in grad school so this is
Dalloway the nicest inked answer I do
not because I feel like it's hard for me
to pick a favorite book because some of
them have different significance --is
and meaning for me so like I would say
like the Harry Potter series is one of
my favorites it was because I can't pick
one a a just like captured reading as a
child and like the voracious reader that
it was and everything about that energy
and it's great and I loved it but then I
have the goddess small things which is a
book that even right now it's really
hard for me to explain the plot to
people but the feelings like lingered
with me and I read that probably in 11th
grade who wrote that again are we
daki Arundhati Roy yeah yeah and she
just came out with another book after
like a 20-year hiatus which I purchased
in hardcover it's on my shelf now
waiting to be read much so it's just it
just left this like really deep and
lasting feeling for me but I couldn't
tell you what that book was about fully
like I can't explain the full pot I just
love the way it was written the themes
everything the characters great
expectations another one of my favorites
yeah so I just I can't pick and so I I
haven't helped you guys at all though
give it a little go ahead to - Cindy
Ibrahim all right I have to say I'm like
Cindy it's hard to choose a favorite but
I would say one book that has had the
most impact or influence on my life
starting out very young was the way of
the superior man by David data and also
how to be a 3% man by Cory Wayne both of
those books I think every man should
read and also women just to understand
men but it goes into detail how to be on
your mission
almost the same sense of that hero's
journey for a man and also talks about
women and dealing with relationships
dating and ultimately answered a lot of
problems that I was and challenges I
would say I was facing when I was
younger and even to this day I always go
back to it and use it as a fundamentals
book just to make sure that I'm grounded
and centered and staying on my path in
my mission Amanda I don't know that I
have a favorite or significant book
either I will say I never was really a
big reader growing up I mean other than
like sterile and stuff like that but
never really into reading and probably
when I started at questions when like
Tom talked about mine said and read that
and so after that over this last like
five or six years I've read more but I'm
like on a mission to become a reader but
you know why is that I know that's like
Tom's favorite book but I will say that
that like made an impact not only
because it you know just actually really
reading like a book from beginning to
end but like the whole fix the growth
mindset really like made an impact with
me and where I was at in my life and
there are more of a funner side from
being a kid Peter Pan has always been
like my favorite like the book and story
and it's kind of a special thing between
me and my brother and so it's like our
little inside like story and so I
actually keep the Peter Pan book which
the he game is like a gift from his
wedding like to me like a really nice
copy like next to my bed and it's just
something I even have like the little
shoe from keeper belt just whenever I
think about life and stuff like I go
back to Peter Pan I don't know just
thing about summer planet and land and
just being able to yeah do anything you
want to do and just like a live you know
I don't know is like a little kid again
but like yeah big kid sometimes all
before you
giannis tell us about Detroit so these
O'Leary was this is the Disney Expo like
a Disney fan club Expo and you know they
do it every other year since like 2009 I
think and it literally is a whole bunch
of adults and there are some kids there
and come with their parents reliving and
capturing the non different childhood
like always and like you get to see some
previews for things that are coming out
like you know they tell you kind of
what's coming out in the next couple
years and the different animations
live-action all that but then they also
have things that just like reeks of
nostalgia and amazing and you don't
realize how powerful it is like I was on
the verge appeared so many times like so
many times in a week what happened
here's what I went into it just like you
know kind of a loop about it my sister
planned it it was one of the few times
that my sister took initiative like
fully planned something it was like her
full responsibility don't like how we
get there hotel with all everything she
blended and I was really proud of her
it's awesome
and so I was like I have no idea what
I'm going into you like I haven't looked
at anything
I don't know panels are happening and so
I just like went on this journey with
her and it was so moving for just the
both of us because some of the songs and
things that they were talking about
we're singing like I remember we used to
sing them together and then I found this
like Pocahontas like yeah no book we
didn't have piano I didn't know how to
play piano but I had all the lyrics to a
song and when I got a clarinet I tried
to play the song but obviously they're
in different keys and like their pianos
was different yeah it was like I learned
that real quick and but it was just it
was really cool and yeah and so I feel
like that feeling with like going back
to pack Peter Pan that's how
feel like going back a lot of Disney's
yeah I love it
all right I want to see if we have a
winner
Scott are the i9y a signed copy of
askgaryvee congratulations we will get
your address and send this out to you
thanks for participating and for joining
us on Facebook live guys we have other
prizes to give away so don't go away
we have an audible subscription and a
signed poster of your choosing this is
an example of one of our posters from
shop down in back very calm but we're
going to have Tom sign one and we'll
send it out to you so don't go away
all right here's a question from Matt
wireman he asks favorite comic and that
is comic book not stand-up comic haha
all kids went off because easy for me I
don't have one because I don't read
comics so yeah I'm into the x-men when I
was a kid I was into the x-men my
brother was kind of into comics I did
kind of like look over his shoulder
while he was reading him but I never got
into it so yeah yeah very similar answer
so for instead of your brother reading
comics my brother read a lot of manga
and I just never got into it I know but
I love like the universe is like
superheroes like all those kinds of
movies and films and all that I just
never really read comic books
definitely well for me I would say I
didn't have a favorite one but my mom
had a whole box full of comics I
actually don't know where she got it
from or if she liked some it's
personally but I would go through it and
I'm like sigh I love superhero comics
and anything about space like space and
science fiction that was all me I
wouldn't say that anything kind of maybe
gravitate towards it but I just I'm back
then I was just looking at the pictures
years like oh look at this like not
really reading the words beautiful
[Music]
Amanda you guys I don't really
I didn't really read much comic I can
you have one what did I read it for
class like freshman year of college and
it was called mouth a back draft as a
novel I was like yeah I like this very
good deal and I ended up reading this
everyone after the October to lose they
like I can remember having an older
brother and like like looking at him
while he reads them or like but I I can
remember to like being young and
actually looking at comics maybe I was
more looking at the picture or if I was
reading but I couldn't remember like
loving like you know the Imagi imagine a
ssin of like you're reading it maybe
like go there but you know how is he
really expressing it and like looking at
the picture drawing like I think that
yeah really cool about comics but I I
can't like to pick one or remember
really yeah that's Lisa read comic
strips out of the newspaper
I did my calendar Hobbes
I did like the penis too and like I know
the one with the ladies her name was
Taliesin Cathy Cathy anybody I don't
know anyone I like it like I said I
remember kids at the time I lived in
Minnesota so it was like we would get
the starch abused and then I would pull
out the common section industry so so so
are Hollywood but I didn't tell me
actually I would I would wait until like
the gas station was getting ready to
throw out their comp their Sunday
newspaper just to get to Sunday
newspapers so I can look at the comic so
that guy that's not my yeah we even
parasites like why do we need to say
Mary kids like like I don't remember my
parents ever reading it so I would take
a comment section I think my mom would
take like the circulars in the coupon
and stuff and then we would just have
this giant savers sitting we use it for
crack is be very crappy we pop in a bird
cages over again when bonacic yeah yeah
nice all right
I
think we're about at our halfway mark I
would like to thank you bro-heem and
Amanda for joining us today and thank
you our next guest when I was blessed
guys all right yeah have our next
panelist come on come on down and please
bear with a Facebook live audience as we
make this transition thanks again for
joining us hello hello hello all right
please introduce yourselves to our
Facebook live audience my name is
Michelle I am the newest member of the
impact theory teams and I'm here doing
all things heroic and you have to tell
our Facebook live audience what Chirac
is in case they don't know as I tell
them where to find it yes for sure
so if you're not familiar had to be sure
alex ikonn check out everything that
we're doing there and that we are a
podcast with a Lisa bill you who I'm
sure you all are familiar with and
Cassio from Blogilates
so we're talking all things female
empowerment female issues it's an
awesome podcast and it's not only for
females
we've had some reviews from men that say
the podcast is giving them greater
insight into how women get so I
recommend it for everyone until my name
is Benita but they called me Elsie
because as well there's a readi on ado
I'm the marketing engine one of many so
yeah so I also say what I do or yeah a
little bit about you have um a little
bit about me sounds final tally like two
months ago I'm from New York and yeah
all right that's it short
we have a question here that I think
this is a great one to kick this new
panel off with and it's from Gabriel and
he asked I would like to know about the
girls definition of masculinity and the
boys definition of femininity Mimi
I'll take a stab at this hopefully not
put my foot in my mouth honestly I don't
really have a definition I think that I
don't really believe in gender norms and
bren Brown talks about how you know men
are always associated with like
confidence and aggression but it's
important for them to learn how to be
vulnerable and I think there's another
aspect she talks about a vulnerability
is one that's important and the same
thing it's like men or women are
associated with like vulnerability and
being in touch and sensitive but they
don't get associated with confidence and
with you know leadership or whatever and
that's just false or patently false and
it's just we just have to stop thinking
that way so for me I don't really
believe in gender norms like that yeah
so that eloquent answer because I really
don't I feel like I don't really have a
good definition of masculinity because I
think of everyone as people and so I
almost boil them down to their
individuality yeah so like you can exist
as the person you are with all the
different like sensitivity is
vulnerability complexities all that and
still be like whatever you choose to
express yourself as so you know I'm okay
if you're a dude and you cry and you
should also be okay I might not cry
which is very yeah that's falsely I'm
gonna cry but why are you individually
individually might cry but that doesn't
mean that you know I'm not tough that
doesn't mean I'm not confident I'm not
able to you know make tough decisions
just because I think about the way the
ramifications of how that affects
another person and I might actually feel
that myself just because I have a lot of
empathy and so I feel like that
shouldn't be something that I guess like
some fine because I feel like for
masculinity there's such a narrow view
by Italy that it makes it really
difficult like in my experience to you
know have like whole men I think that
makes sense so I feel like that's why
I've had like I don't
I choose not to have a definition of
masculinity because I want to allow the
other person or the other man to be able
to express every piece of themselves
without feeling like they're losing
something or week cuz week 10 use really
bad very good yeah it's not a plan B
week I don't know that I have a whole
lot more sad because I totally agree
that I think it's such an individualized
thing that is like we just can't put
people in these buckets but I recently
had a chance to read this house new
books not out yet and when you buy
mister in this he talks about all of the
different masks of masculinity that's
what the book is called so it was very
interesting I just broke it up into nine
different masks I won't be able to weigh
too much in the book but he talks about
all of these things that men are
expected to be in society so men are
expected to be athletic they're expected
to be tough they're expected to be the
alpha male all the time and it's just
not who they are as people
you know people are different and it's
not fair for us as females and as other
males to expect them to fit into all of
these individual roles so and I think on
the flip side it's the same with women
when they are put into these different
things we're expected to be and I guess
probably is the opposite yeah like we're
like you know look good yeah like bubbly
happy all the time
yeah miles again how it is cells my
interns a little different because they
think there's two sides of that question
there's the cultural side and the more
biological side and the way I said the
question is if he mated I'm getting in a
war a scientific way
so I read both the female brains
recommended by Lisa billion she's in
economy and and I also buy some
algorithm and after I happen to write
those books I do understand that there
are fundamental differences in the way
that were wired
now what society decides to do with that
the traits that they choose to make more
prominent in them in females I think
that I agree with with both Michele
instantly on back points but as you
think women are more geared for
connection and I think it's one of the
reasons why we shown such additional
friendships and in the way that you love
and the way that you nurture I think
that is something that is fundamentally
true about the feminine energy it's one
thing everything to collaborate it's one
thing to build connections it's asking
others for advice and being a bit more
considerate of everyone's feelings when
melih energy I know men they tend to
like to master their environment
and that's why you'll see like a third
year old boy he was touching everything
and just running around and being a
little crazy
and so so I think was that the mountain
energy if I could get energy from having
been aggressive which i think is
different for women I think when Tom
talks about you terms of darkness I
think the way I think the reason that
was two men is because oppression
actually give them energy and where
women weaken to an immense distance it's
a little crazy but we do have to deal
with that but I do think society has
decided for treats that they want to
make more prominence of the male figures
and kind of given a expectations of what
we should expect but not going to
clearly based on actual scientific data
yeah nice you've inspired me to read
those books now yes yes phenomenal like
there's a study where they have a group
of little young girls and a group of
little boys and and we put like a little
toy and they say okay don't touch this
to both groups the little go check back
with their mothers for confirmation on
what to do like 20 times
the little voice medicine will die they
just prayed for it and it's because like
they have they have such a need to
master the environment that you almost
you have to pull them and be a little
bit more rough with them right they
don't understand nuances and emotions at
a younger I didn't well they tend to
understand a much older age than young
girls rad when you take like a little
girl to a restaurant the reason why she
would behave better than the little boys
because she understands was Cuban ready
her brain has developed so quickly that
she can pick up and the one you nuances
redwood employers like you know they're
just a little lower on the IQ yeah
alright thanks
let's let's go to a question from common
Lisa next one what is your favorite any
hate confession doesn't watch movies can
I do that i watch movie i watch movies I
watched plenty of movies I just can't be
your favorite and sometimes I don't
remember them yeah I can't pick a
favorite either but I will say like one
of the best movies that I've ever seen
is the shining and everyone always just
like what that's a horror movie yes it's
a horror movie but if you strip away the
horror that aside for a second as a film
it is incredible
everything from top to bottom the
cinematography the writing the set the
soundtrack is absolutely perfect if you
look at it from a film perspective so
watch the shining again in a new from a
new angle executive yeah I know I really
don't have an answer I have such a hard
time and I feel like if I were to just
take a movie it would all be alive
because like I don't know how to say
some things my favorite like I've seen
love and basketball a lot does that
count
I've never really liked put it in the
category of favorites like you know big
fish I thought like life-changing for me
when I first saw it like really great
movie but I'm like is it my favorite I
probably only seen it like twice and I
probably couldn't tell you exactly what
happened next like yeah there's favorite
movies over here for me it's so hard to
pick a favorite we're having this
conversation last week the one I don't
know that I would say it's my favorite
but consistently in my top five top ten
and there's a little miss sunshine
yeah I read that memory yeah I'll call
it Tommy not answer the question
directly oh right what are the most like
inspirational movies that has I guess I
can help transform in ways that for me
it's saying the most recent movie that
is largely yes an amazing impact on me
so at the time Tom has released impact
books video for give me and he was
talking about the infamous enthusiasm
that you need as an entrepreneur to keep
going fail after fail after fail and
that movie in though it's animated and
it's geared toward children it's so true
to that concept I don't remember the
name of the main character but I think
he's a koala
I think I saw verifies the food is
phenomenal
and just the story in the movie so he
had this theater that he wanted to build
and he kept honestly getting across all
these obstacles to keep him from change
but he just kept going and he was so
enthusiastic with every single thing
that he did that it was just like I
cried I feel like in that movie it was
phenomenal see that one yeah don't
probably mulana okay
Lana's good too what a phenomenal Wow
not little Adam to the list somebody's
trying to sing in the background yeah
one looks pretty late I want to give my
opinion let's do another giveaway so we
have posters on the store of shopton
impact Theory calm this is one of them
they come in two different sizes and we
are going to get one half Tom's sign it
and send it to you and lucky audience
member if you can answer the following
question question is who said this quote
the only thing that's constant in this
ever-changing world is Who I am from an
impact Theory episode it's from one of
our guests I'll repeat it the only thing
that's constant in this ever-changing
world is Who I am
tell us who said that quote and we will
you can choose a poster we'll have Tom
sign it and we'll ship it out to you put
it in the comments now goodnight
question do you consider yourself an
entrepreneur a lynchin or a continuity
player no right answer the finance of
ocean where is somebody who really the
end of the day is trying to
other thing if they're being an
intrapreneur meaning they want to use
our antenna seed inside of a larger
company they're thinking out of the box
contra pushing their skillet or they're
looking at probably consultants and
they're doing it totally your
perspective of what their job
description is a lynchpin is somebody
who is absolutely best-in-class their
role they understand the problem that
their role is facing and how they can
help the company and they're going hard
hard hard become the best in the world
at that and then a continuity player is
somebody who more of us is there that
watch out they show up every day putting
the work a promotion advantage in their
game they want a sweaty life so which is
a brief was a good one I like this yeah
I'll kick it off so I'm going to say as
I usually answer questions it was not a
simple answers it it evolves and it's
evolved for me and in my life in my
career I think when I started out in my
early 20s I wanted to be continuity
player my first couple of jobs I just
wanted to go in do my work get off work
get a paycheck and focus on the things
outside of my work that were important
to me like art or you know social
activities or family or friends or
whatever it was and that was what I was
prioritizing my life around my mid to
late 20s I started to become a linchpin
or wanted to be a lynchpin and I think
that was because things are changing in
my life my priorities changed I got
married you know and so it was all about
like how can I go into this company and
just be the absolute best in this role
and on my team how can I just go in and
dominate and that's what I did and I
think now I'm at a place where I'm I
would say I'm kind of shifting from
linchpin more into entrepreneur it's how
I'm seeing myself the reason I even came
over to impact theory was because it was
an opportunity to be part of a founding
team that's going to actually shape the
business going forward and not just be
kind of
executing on the vision that's set forth
but actually helping shape it and that's
what I'm trying to do here so yeah it's
evolved cool
I don't wanna okay yeah so I think kind
of similar to you Jared I definitely in
the past didn't have any sort of
entrepreneurial mindset I was just kind
of working where someone is have fun but
more recently and in my role at Quest
they took on more of an entrepreneurial
mindset I mean I went into quest and I
don't even remember like what my initial
job you did written in West I was
essentially just posting the videos like
doing the annotations doing like the
back end of YouTube and that was pretty
much all I was doing at that time and
then you know I transform that role into
what I wanted it to be which was
producing content that's always been a
passion for of mine and I definitely
took the opportunity at Quest to really
build that and do what I wanted to do so
yeah have the opportunity to produce
some really often content like produced
a show called transformation if you seen
it was awesome yeah great
and then even the SIDS that we produced
like a Facebook live show like just
taking the opportunity that wasn't
necessarily given to me and just kind of
creating the opportunity yeah
yourself awesome yeah for me I never
really wanted to be a pump I don't think
I've ever been or interested in being a
continuity player I watched a video that
actually said stress isn't bad for you
it's only when you believe that stress
is bad for you that is bad for you okay
yeah and I never really wanted
to life or anything like that I've only
thought challenges in my life and so for
me I am always at my best when I feel
challenged when I don't
is it frustrates me a lot so through me
I would say I do have entrepreneurial
tendencies in that I don't necessarily
stick so specific girl but I do believe
in the art of mastery and that's
focusing on one thing that you want to
do impact us in that over and over again
so you can feel like living nuances that
you probably couldn't even explain to
anyone else because it's become such a
part of your infinity yeah and to move
what I'm trying to do that with what I'm
trying to do here with that is social
media and so I told myself if I can so
now I'm only mad I'm going who is tweet
you back and Twitter and multi-channel
for new students high impact area
Twitter handle connect verified yeah
impact theory and so now that I handle
all those channels it's like okay how
can i what can I do with this what can I
learn how to improve what can I have how
do i how do I check my intuition which i
think is one of the reasons why I'm here
I have really strong intuitions about
things but I needed a place to like a
mirror to come back and say okay this is
where nice improve this is why this
needs to get better so essentially I do
believe in focusing on one thing and
getting really really good at that but
you also have entrepreneurial tendencies
so maybe a little bit oh yeah yeah you
be hybrid yeah I'm afraid I'll fail
probably thinking myself more hybrid
probably more fell on the ice manorial
side because I just I really do like
going off to challenges and solving them
and figuring them out and I like the
ability to kind of dabble in a lot of
at the same time I feel like I've always
been someone kids like a
jack-of-all-trades and that's why like
ironically Elsie you're selling me that
I would be really really pretty and it's
because I just know random stuff
not like jeopardy I think a Michel she's
no lady just because it's fun facts and
it's other random snippets of
information that just like stick in my
brain and I just remember them or and
end up using them later or pulling them
out just randomly so I feel like you
know one of the things I want to do is
get better at focusing my invention
which I feel like impact Theory helps me
do and especially you helped me kind of
like focus on those the one tap because
I love to do all the things yeah all the
things dabbling all the little things
and like do them all and then I just
feel again then you end up needing
someone behind you to like fix it also
try to get better at that so I
definitely feel like I consider myself
more entrepreneurial to you because I
would be like a slightly bossy older
sister like I like to coordinate and if
you were to think about it they were my
first like executive team and so yeah
it's kind of how I feel that's all right
great answers everyone we have a winner
for the poster it is Gabriel deliver Ali
hope I said that right
congratulations Gabriel you want to
order we will sync up with you and
figure out which poster you want we got
time to sign it and we'll ship it out to
you thanks for joining us today we're
running out of time but we still have
one more giveaway so let's just do it
right now this is the big one it's a
three month audible subscription yeah
dramatic ascription and the question is
this what book got Tom reading when he
was younger it was one book in
particular that kicked off his interest
in reading what was it drop it in the
comments now and we will come back to
you and choose a winner and the off
you have to have to look in the Edition
also all after a person feel like that's
interesting
or maybe not we can answer yeah in few
minutes let's give people a chance to
put it in the comments are you think for
our yeah okay okay well I already sort
of answered it for me back with the
favorite book yeah okay I mean yeah I
read few spots I've always I've always
been interested in reading yeah so I've
always read my whole life but when I
really got serious about literature
being a passion of mine and something I
wanted to study it was with mrs.
Dalloway
okay where you think I know I turned
this on everyone but I and I don't have
an answer we didn't know anything about
it like I always run like I started
reading early actually because I think
and this is just true of me as like a
kid is I was frustrated with having to
wait for other people to read to me so I
didn't learn batteries that's the thing
so I was like what is like that that's
the way I learned to tie my shoes like I
was just victorious and independent so
it was really interesting when Elsie was
talking about how like you would put a
little kid in the middle of the room and
they would like go often like a little
boy in the middle of the room and
they're welcoming before and like
whatever I was back child and my brother
was the person who sat in the middle
looking it was like hey sick singer and
so he's like alright I was told that I
need to sit here and I would be the
person climbing up onto like the
cupboard getting so keeping things high
was you know I was the Rugrats baby okay
so um yeah so I started very like
reading probably like a week and a half
for PE for more and so after that was
like books all the time much yeah
brief hiatus it's probably like my
collegiate days and law school when I
was like really bad looks yeah I'm like
I don't have time to read for fun and
not reading is it fun don't fit
reading for me I did not grow up going
like I didn't love to read growing up so
I'm trying to think back to when I
really started because now I read all
the time like I can't go a day without
reading at least part of a book or
something I just love it but I don't
know if there's one specific book that
made me that way I've in the past I
don't know like yourself but I'm super
super interested in nutrition so I've
read tons and tons of books about
nutrition so I think for me just finding
a topic so it was that kind of lit a
fire in me made me want to read other
things as well
I mean individual books would touch on a
subject and I would want it to go deeper
into that subject and when it didn't I
would seek out other books that were
yeah in that field but in a different
era if that makes any sense at all this
is um but when I was younger the books
that I read were about murder a lot like
is that weird it's like I don't know I
love that I like what I see I mean not
only quick was I like mature time Oh
trooper yeah like like this actual like
this area yeah yeah like I loved all of
that was when I was in the sixth grade
one of my favorite shows was Murder She
Wrote
I love Murder She Wrote so like I was
all into murder everything from a young
age all right I probably White House
involved Road Runner involved a murder
Michelle
can be like every 108 is one okay I
don't working right so I don't remember
my early reading experiences but I
wouldn't say I wasn't a real book nerd
but I know I did interviewing textbook
which is weird but a book when when I
moved to New York so I was born in
recent Haiti and so I went English
through books and kids television until
when I moved I was reading a lot of the
baby-sitters club
Oh buzzing I used to get my box my how
odd is it of like I didn't yet
understand American culture in the way
that young women here from friendships
and etc I was 11 and so I guess I guess
I've got a little bit of taste of that
from reading those books and
understanding the different levels of
how American young women connect to each
other and the things that they were laid
on which isn't necessarily my role
culturally so yeah I wasn't I didn't
always love to read I do listen to a lot
of audible now and that's my preferred
way of reading but yes that makes it the
baby-sitters club they said I just
started a new club did you really enough
I did work no I wouldn't get anybody
else on board he's like I don't know I
didn't have enough friends through this
thing and I babysit and I had no clue
how to really start out like I put a
poster up at the grocery store I knew I
wanted to do that like I was lazy but I
love that you're already community
building
definitely I do this because it because
it was ice like the the idea of the
female friendship and like them meeting
every week and like all of them hanging
out and then Claudia having staff to
candy like I think that's why I still
have Saturday not in my house where you
see me like that so it was like this man
syndications 11-year old daddy in
Galilee and galactic Book Fair was my
jam and that's the reason I have like
probably all the movies dinners Club
somewhere in my parents house yeah cuz I
made some subscribe that was my way is
like finagling because I'm only allowed
like three books per like thing because
otherwise I circle all of them anyway
all right cool let's get these always
know if you get three and so how I
worked with this down was I when
purchased at least one of them those of
recurring subscription so like
baby-sitters club was one of those we
just like happen all the time and I
guess my other ones a long way I don't
think she's upset for nothing in your
reading yeah they're not and that's why
I knew I could kind of get away with it
good whatever it is like right yeah well
I think we can wrap it up there at the
end of our hour here so I just want to
thank everyone for joining us on
Facebook live today and letting us do
this I hope you got to see a little bit
about what we do behind the scenes here
and learn a little bit about each of us
you can always send us questions and
we'll try to answer will be on social or
will be doing the work behind the scenes
as we usually are but thanks for joining
us and it's a weekly show so please
subscribe and also check out our
newsletter which is up and running going
steady these days and we're adding new
things to it and trying to do some
exciting stuff there so come join the
newsletter it's going to be a different
experience than what you get elsewhere
you can do that at info impact Theory
comm forward slash
newsletter and then we follow be sure
Owatonna yeah
yes and then we'll also have our regular
QA with Tom next night recharge ok 9 an
he'll be back so get your questions
ready so be prepared until next time
[Laughter]
you